Fix (Hop): Price of LP tokens (#8272)
rotki/rotki: docs/changelog.rst

Changelog
=========

> * :bug:`8262` Prices of HOP LP tokens will now show accurately.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* :bug:`8262` Prices of HOP LP tokens will now properly show up for all pools.
```
